clp-bench: Refactor and Add New Results (#5)
y-scope/clp-bench: assets/unstructured/template/methodology.md

> # Basic Information
> | Version | Download Link (Image or Binary) |
> |---------|---------------------------------|
> | 1.0.0   | 💾[Download][Download]          |
> 
> Describe basic setup process if it is complicated.
> 
> # Specifics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tool name methodology

## Basics
Version: [1.0.0][Download]

## Setup
Describe any manual set up steps necessary for the tool.

## Specifics
```

> Describe any specific tuning, preprocessing or configuration that beyond the defaults you made for 

Reviewer: Can we move specifics above `Setup`?
